Natural Language Processing  Machine Learning  Computer Vision 
∙ 05/17/2019
Active learning is a form of semi-supervised machine learning where the algorithm chooses which data to learn from and queries a teacher for guidance. 
Classifier  Estimator (Statistics)  Autoencoder 
∙ 07/22/2020
###  Generative Adversarial Network 
A generative adversarial network (GAN) is an unsupervised machine learning architecture that trains two neural networks by forcing them to “outwit” each other. 
Machine Learning  Classifier  Harmonic Mean 
∙ 05/17/2019
Evaluation metrics are used to measure the quality of the statistical or machine learning model. 
Classifier  Estimator (Statistics) 
∙ 05/17/2019
###  Convolutional Neural Network 
A convolutional neural network, or CNN, is a deep learning neural network designed for processing structured arrays of data such as images. 
Activation Function  Deep Learning 
∙ 05/17/2019
Batch Normalization is a supervised learning technique that converts selected inputs in a neural network layer into a standard format, called normalizing. 
Computer Vision  Neural Network  Natural Language Processing 
∙ 05/17/2019
Attention models break down complicated tasks into smaller areas of attention that are processed sequentially. 
Machine Learning  Odds (Probability)  Prior Probability 
∙ 05/17/2019
Bayes’ theorem is a formula that governs how to assign a subjective degree of belief to a hypothesis and rationally update that probability with new evidence. Mathematically, it's the the likelihood of event B occurring given that A is true. 
Machine Learning  Bayesian Inference  Bayes Theorem 
∙ 05/17/2019
In statistics, the posterior probability expresses how likely a hypothesis is given a particular set of data. 
Classifier  Machine Learning  Harmonic Mean 
∙ 05/17/2019
The F score, also called the F1 score or F measure, is a measure of a test’s accuracy. 
Supervised Learning  Unsupervised Learning  Classifier 
∙ 05/17/2019
Deep Belief Networks (DBNs) are a laddering of individual unsupervised networks that use each network’s hidden layer as the input for the next layer. 
Classifier  Open Source 
∙ 05/17/2019
###  Natural Language Processing 
In simple words, Natural Language Processing is a field which aims to make computer systems understand human speech. NLP is comprised of techniques to process, structure, categorize raw text and extract information. 
## Login
Please sign up or login with your details 
Continue with Google  Or login with email Login Forgot password? Click here to reset Go back
Unlock AI power with 
Subscribe
See Full Pricing 
×
## Out of credits
$5.00 USD $10.00 USD $20.00 USD $50.00 USD $100.00 USD $200.00 USD $500.00 USD $1000.00 USD
Add Credits
Enable Auto Top-Up
Automatically add credits when your balance is low. Never run out again!
Success!
An error occurred
Share
Share your generations with friends
×
## Sign in with Google
×
Use your Google Account to sign in to DeepAI
Continue 
## Consider DeepAI Pro
  * World's best value AI at $9.99 per month
  * Smarter AI Chat
  * Highest quality AI Images, Videos, and Music
  * 100% Ad-free

Subscribe 
