# DEEP AI, INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: April 18, 2026
This Privacy Policy describes how Deep AI, Inc. ("**Deep AI** ," "**we** ," or "**us** ") collects, uses, discloses and otherwise processes information about you. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you access or use our website (the "**Website** "), when you use any of our mobile applications ("**App** ") or when you otherwise interact with us, such as through our experiences, partnerships, and consulting services (the "**Services** ").
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy. If we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the Website, App, or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
## CONTENTS
Collection of Information Use of Information Targeted Advertising and Analytics Disclosure of Information Transfer of Information Additional Information for Individuals in Specific Jurisdictions Contact Us
## COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
### Information You Provide to Us
We collect information directly from you when you create an account, download or use our App, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The categories of information we collect include:
  * **Identification and Contact Information** : we collect your name, email address, and phone number.
  * **Financial Information** : we collect payment information through third-party payment processors.
  * **Communication Information** : we collect information included in your communications with us.
  * **User Content** : We collect information you input into our Services, including your prompts and other content you upload, such as files, images, text, video and audio, depending on the features you use.


We may also collect any other information you choose to provide.
### Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect the following categories of information:
  * **Internet and App Activity Information** : we collect information about how you access and use our Website and App, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, and browser type. We also collect information about your activity on our Website and App and interaction with our communications, such as access times, pages viewed, features used, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Website or App.
  * **Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies** : We use tracking technologies, such as cookies, pixels, and SDKs, to collect information about your interactions with our Website, App, and communications. These technologies help us improve our Website, App, and communications, see which areas and features of our Website and App are popular, count visits, and track clicks. You may be able to adjust your browser or device settings to remove or reject browser cookies or clear local storage. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Website or App.


### Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from other sources. For example, if you create or log into your account through a third-party platform (such as Google), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your name, email address, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform. We may also collect information you share when you interact with us on social media platforms like Facebook.
### Derived Information
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your approximate location based on your IP address.
## USE OF INFORMATION
We use the categories of information we collect for the following business and commercial purposes:
  * **Service Delivery** : we use information to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, including to respond to questions and requests you send to the Services.
  * **Communication** : we use information to communicate with you about Deep AI, our Services, and our App, including to send you communications, respond to your questions, inform you of price or Services changes, and send you other transactional or relationship messages.
  * **Marketing and Advertising** : we use information to send direct marketing messages (including via email) and target advertisements to you on third-party platforms, websites, and apps as described below. You can opt out of direct marketing messages we send by following the instructions in those communications (such as by clicking "unsubscribe" in the emails) or by contacting us. We also use certain User Content to make the advertisements you see on the Services more relevant.
  * **Conducting Analytics** : we use information to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities on our Website and App, improve our Website and App, and generate de-identified data. We also use information to develop new products and services, including to train our artificial intelligence models. You can opt out of our use of your information to train our artificial intelligence models by following the prompts behind the Your Privacy Choices link in the drop-down menu in the header of our Website.
  * **Protection and Compliance** : we use information to detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, help protect the rights and property of Deep AI and others, and comply with our legal and financial obligations.
  * **Notice/Consent** : we may also use information in other circumstances after giving you notice and/or getting your consent.


## TARGETED ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We engage others to provide analytics services, serve advertisements, and perform related services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Website, App, and your activities across the web and in third-party mobile applications, including your IP address, web browser and mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages, features used, and links clicked. This information may be used to deliver advertising targeted to your interests on the Website, App, and on other companies' sites, mobile apps, or platforms, and to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your activity.
In addition to ad targeting activities that rely on cookies and similar technologies, we may work with advertising partners to translate other identifiers, such as your email address or phone number, into a unique identifier (called a hashed value) that such partners can then use to show ads that promote DeepAI across the web and in mobile apps. Depending on where you reside, you may opt out of these disclosures by following the prompts behind the Your Privacy Choices link in the drop-down menu in the header of our Website.
Some of the activities described in this section may constitute "targeted advertising," "sharing," or "selling" under certain privacy laws. See the Additional Information for Individuals In Specific Jurisdictions section below for details.
You can also learn more about interest-based ads, or opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance, by visiting 
## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We disclose the categories of information described above as follows:
  * **Vendors** : we disclose information to vendors, service providers, contractors, and consultants that need this information to provide services to us, such as companies that assist us with web and app hosting, payment processing, customer service, analytics, and marketing and advertising.
  * **Advertising Partners** : we disclose information to third parties for the Marketing and Advertising purposes described above.
  * **Professional Advisors** : we disclose information to our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
  * **Legal Authorities** : we may disclose information to legal authorities and others for the Protection and Compliance purposes described above, including if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Deep AI, our users, the public, or others.
  * **Corporate Transactions** : we reserve the right to disclose information in connection with, or during negotiations of certain corporate transactions, including the merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
  * **Affiliates** : we reserve the right to disclose information between and among Deep AI and any current or future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
  * **Other Third Parties** : we may enter into agreements to license certain information to third parties for their own business and commercial purposes, including training artificial intelligence models. You can opt out of sharing with such third parties by following the prompts behind the Your Privacy Choices link in the drop-down menu in the header of our Website.
  * **Consent** : we may disclose information when we have your consent or you direct us to do so.


We may also disclose de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS
### Individuals Residing in Certain U.S. States
Privacy laws in certain states like California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia ("State Privacy Laws") require additional disclosures and grant their residents certain rights. This section applies to residents of those states and serves as our Notice at Collection for California.
### Additional Disclosures
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Communication Information, Internet Activity Information, Audio, Electronic, or Visual Information, and Derived Information. We collect this information from the following categories of sources: directly from you, from the third-parties identified in the "Information We Collect from Other Sources" subsection above, and by automated means. Please see the "Collection of Information" section above for more information.
We collect and disclose personal information for the following business and commercial purposes (described in more detail in the "Use of Information" section above): Service Delivery, Communication, Marketing and Advertising, Conducting Analytics, Protection and Compliance, and when we have your consent and/or give you notice.
We describe our use and disclosure of personal information in the relevant sections above and summarize them in the following table:  
| Category of Personal Information Collected  | Purpose for Processing  | Categories of Recipients  |  
| --- | --- | --- |  
| **Identifiers**  | Service DeliveryCommunicationMarketing and AdvertisingConducting AnalyticsProtection and Compliance  | VendorsAdvertising PartnersProfessional AdvisorsLegal Authorities  |  
| **Communication Information**  | CommunicationMarketing and AdvertisingProtection and Compliance  | VendorsAdvertising PartnersProfessional AdvisorsLegal Authorities  |  
| **Internet Activity Information**  | Service DeliveryCommunicationMarketing and AdvertisingConducting Analytics  | VendorsAdvertising Partners  |  
| **Audio, Electronic or Visual Information**  | Service DeliveryCommunicationResearch and Development  | VendorsLegal Authorities  |  
| **Derived Information**  | CommunicationMarketing and AdvertisingConducting Analytics  | VendorsAdvertising Partners  |  
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that would trigger a right to limit under State Privacy Laws.
### Your Privacy Rights
#### Access, Correction, and Deletion
Depending on where you live and subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, and (4) request information about the third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information.
Use the "Contact Us" information below to exercise these rights.
We may verify your request by asking you to verify your email address and/or provide information related to your recent interactions with us. If we deny your request, you may appeal by contacting us as described in the "Contact Us" section below.
#### Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
As described in the "Targeted Advertising and Analytics" section above, we process personal information to serve you advertisements on non-DeepAI properties, expand the reach and effectiveness of our own marketing campaigns, and allow certain third parties to use this information for their own marketing purposes. These activities may result in us selling or sharing Identifiers, User Content, Internet Activity Information, and Derived Information with our Advertising Partners (including social media platforms) so our Advertising Partners can show ads that are targeted to your interests on other platforms. These activities may be considered targeted advertising under State Privacy Laws. We also sell Identifiers and User Content to Other Third Parties for their own business and commercial purposes. We do not engage in sales, sharing, or targeted advertising using personal information about consumers we know to be younger than 18.
You have the right to opt out of sharing, sales, and targeted advertising by following the prompts behind the Your Privacy Choices link in the drop-down menu in the header of our Website. If you are not logged in, your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our Website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser's cookies.
In addition to ad targeting activities that rely on cookies and similar technologies, we may work with advertising partners to translate other identifiers, such as your email address or phone number, into a unique identifier (called a hashed value) that such partners can then use to show ads that promote DeepAI across the web and in mobile apps. You may opt out of these disclosures by following the prompts behind the Your Privacy Choices link in the drop-down menu in the header of our Website.
You can also opt out by visiting our Website with a legally-recognized universal choice signal enabled (such as the Global Privacy Control). Please note that, depending on which legally-recognized opt-out preference signal you use and whether you are logged into your account with us, our processing of the signal may be limited to the specific browser or device that you are using. If you are not logged into your account with us, our processing of the signal will be limited to cookie-based sales, sharing, and targeted advertising for the specific browser or device that you are using. You may need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a different browser or device to access our Website, or if you clear your cookies.
#### Nondiscrimination
We will not treat you differently for exercising your privacy rights.
#### Appeals
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at team@deepai.org. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
#### Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you must submit proof of your authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the subject of the request. Please do not provide any sensitive personal information in connection with this request, such as a driver's license or other government-issued ID. In some cases, we may contact the subject of the request for verification. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us through the "Contact Us" section below.
#### Data Retention
We store personal information for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it, satisfy our legal requirements, or for other business purposes explained in this Privacy Policy.
### International Transfers
DeepAI is based in the United States and we and our service providers process and store personal information on servers located in the United States. Whenever we make restricted international transfers of personal information, we take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection (by putting in place appropriate safeguards, such as contractual clauses) or ensure that we can rely on an appropriate derogation under data protection laws. Where relevant, you may request access to any safeguard which we use to transfer your personal information across borders by contacting us at team@deepai.org.
### Individuals in Europe
If you are located in the UK or Europe, this section applies to you.
#### Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy, we do so in reliance on the following lawful bases:
  * To perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products and services you requested);
  * When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information to operate our business or protect our interests (e.g., to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services, conduct data analytics, and communicate with you);
  * To comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of your consents and track those who have opted out of marketing communications); or
  * When we have your consent to do so (e.g., when you opt in to receive marketing communications from us). When consent is the legal basis for our processing of your personal information, you may withdraw such consent at any time.


#### Data Subject Requests
You have the right to (1) access your personal data, including in a portable format, (2) request erasure of your personal data, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal data. In addition, you may have the right to object to certain processing or request we restrict certain processing. To exercise any of these rights, please email us at team@deepai.org.
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data, we encourage you to contact us in the first instance. However, if we are not able to resolve it, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below:
  * For individuals in the European Union: 
  * For individuals in the UK: 
  * For individuals in Switzerland: 


## CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at team@deepai.org.
## Login
Please sign up or login with your details 
Continue with Google  Or login with email Login Forgot password? Click here to reset Go back
Unlock AI power with 
Subscribe
See Full Pricing 
×
## Out of credits
$5.00 USD $10.00 USD $20.00 USD $50.00 USD $100.00 USD $200.00 USD $500.00 USD $1000.00 USD
Add Credits
Enable Auto Top-Up
Automatically add credits when your balance is low. Never run out again!
Success!
An error occurred
Share
Share your generations with friends
×
## Sign in with Google
×
Use your Google Account to sign in to DeepAI
Continue 
## Consider DeepAI Pro
  * World's best value AI at $9.99 per month
  * Smarter AI Chat
  * Highest quality AI Images, Videos, and Music
  * 100% Ad-free

Subscribe 
