# Site Feedback
### We'd love to hear your thoughts! Please submit any bugs, feature requests, or other ideas below.
## Other Users' Suggestions
Area: ai-chat 
Type: feature 
I DON'T WANT TO PAY!!!! STOP WASTING OUR TIME AND MONEY PUTTING UP THE SUBSCRIPTION AD. 
Score: 46 Upvote 
Area: pricing 
Type: suggestion 
i want it free not pay 
Score: 28 Upvote 
Area: ai-image-generator 
Type: other 
this is a bad AI I tried to get a normal picture for 2 hours. There were a bunch of spelling mistakes most of them said said "larty birthom irthday ten yars ald" like what is that 1 star would not recommend I hope this goes viral so people see how bad of an AI this is!!! 
Score: 26 Upvote 
Area: characters 
Type: feature 
Unlimited ai chat with characters 
Score: 24 Upvote 
Area: other 
Type: bug 
HELLO DEVELOPER,CURRENTLY SUDDENLY MY CHAT HISTORY IS DISSAPEARING ,CAN U PLEASE FIX THIS?..MY ACCOUNT NAME IS alteralter0303@gmail.com..the username is alteralter0303,,please fix this ASAP beacuse the chat that consist important project is there.i hope you can help me in this... 
Score: 23 Upvote 
Area: characters 
Type: suggestion 
stop the upgrade from popping up it gets annoying 
Score: 22 Upvote 
Area: pricing 
Type: other 
no pay because its a wast of money. 
Score: 21 Upvote 
Area: other 
Type: other 
im gonna quit if its not free!😡😡😡😡😡 
Score: 20 Upvote 
Area: pricing 
Type: suggestion 
Why did you add a pricing? Not to be rude 
Score: 20 Upvote 
Area: pricing 
Type: suggestion 
it keeps going to this thingy price and it wont go away and i wanna keep typing without paying please do something now or sometime today!!! please this is my love page and my comfort zone! 
Score: 19 Upvote 
## Login
Please sign up or login with your details 
Continue with Google  Or login with email Login Forgot password? Click here to reset Go back
Unlock AI power with 
Subscribe
See Full Pricing 
×
## Out of credits
$5.00 USD $10.00 USD $20.00 USD $50.00 USD $100.00 USD $200.00 USD $500.00 USD $1000.00 USD
Add Credits
Enable Auto Top-Up
Automatically add credits when your balance is low. Never run out again!
Success!
An error occurred
Share
Share your generations with friends
×
## Sign in with Google
×
Use your Google Account to sign in to DeepAI
Continue 
## Consider DeepAI Pro
  * World's best value AI at $9.99 per month
  * Smarter AI Chat
  * Highest quality AI Images, Videos, and Music
  * 100% Ad-free

Subscribe 
